Notes about Lecture

- It's good to have some model (regression, or any other models) for which we can have a some
visual representation for. Like graphs or tables maybe.

- Should include a good data manipulation techniques
    Maybe changing something into factor and doing an analysis
    Or Changing some variable into ranges like the `updiv.num` was in the background?
  
- Editing a report file could also be a task!

- Reports should be something original, do not replicate! Reports should be short and new stuff.



Ideas for questions or themes to Explore
  Total observations: 51
  
  upper division class distribution:
    9+ = 27
    6-8 = 14
    3-5 = 8
    0-2 = 2
    
    - Whether having a specific domain restricts you in your preferances for the project?
      - response variable: preferance
      - predictive variables: number of upper div classes, research exp, dom 
      
      Have a table with all variables (one on x axis, one on y axis, one in different color) 
      / summary statistic table?
      Have some sort of multiple boxplots / dotplot or smth like this
      Logistic regression
      KNN 
      
      
    - Comfort level vs proficiency for each (one-to-one: math prof --> math comf etc)
    Is there a significant difference between means of comfort level vs proficiency level across
    all three areas
    
      We could do some statistical testing and have p values to check whether there is a diff
        Present the results in a table where conf interval and p values and alpha values are there
        also talk about type 1 and type 2 errors??
        
      Taking a step further merge levels: difference in comf level vs proficiency level 
      what is below the mean and what is above the mean: whether that difference reflects
      the number of upper div classes taken: at least 6 or less than 6. Mention that in report
      
      The comf levels and prof levels are on different levels so we need to standardize:
        subtract mean and divide by sd
  
      if collapsing levels need to say that in the report
  
Agreed method of Communication
  Texting works best
  

Duties
Writing report 
taking the mean of everything
creating difference variable
ANOVA testing
t test 
use knit kable for table representation of p values, conf intervals, type 1 & 2. errors etc
standadize variables
ggplot (making group boxplots 3 graphs)
taking it a step further:
  collapsing level
  seeing whether there is correlation


Aarti: Writing report, standardize test and creating a difference variable, ggplot

Calder:

Kaitlyn:

Sophie: 